All righty.
So one thing that we've seen so far
is that we saw the console.log.
But how can I see the logs?
You can view the logs in the web browser.
So for Chrome, they have one set of instructions.
For Firefox, another set.
And Microsoft Edge another set.
I'll show you how to view the logs using Chrome and Firefox.
So again, just as a refresher,
in our ProductCategoryMenuComponent,
we made use of the log method.
So down in the ListProductCategories,
we had console.log and we logged the product categories
that we received from the rest API.
We'd like to see these logs in the web browser.
So let's go ahead and move into Chrome.
So our application is up.
So in Chrome we make use of More Tools, Developer Tools.
So from the top right we hit those little three dots here.
And then we choose More Tools, Developer Tools.
And so this brings up the console.
So if we zoom in here, we'll see the product categories,
and then we'll see ID 1 category name of Books.
And if we slide over,
we'll see ID 2, category name of Coffee Mugs, and so on.
So this is how we can see the logs in Chrome.
And so let's do a similar thing in Firefox.
So in Firefox, we make use of Web Developer, Web Console.
So again, starting in the top right here,
just go to Web Developer, Web Console.
And then a similar thing here.
So there's the console.
We can zoom in.
We can see the product categories,
and all those different categories,
for ID 1, category name of Books,
and so on and so forth.
So this is how we can view the logs in Firefox.